[0:00:03.920000] spk_0: Dear members, hello and a very good morning to all of you. Uh, I will party legal head in compliance. He would welcome you all at the 19th E meeting of Panama Synthetic Limited. Conducted through this video conferencing. As you are well aware, in view of the massive outbreak of global pandemic of COVID-19, social distancing is the norm to be followed, and hence the government of India, that is Ministry of Corporate Affairs has allowed the companies to conduct their meeting through video conferencing. And accordingly, our company is conducting present AGM through video conferencing. At the outset, I would to introduce the members, directors, and other special invitees who have joined the meeting through this VC. First Mr. Monkkiram but The Dean chairman of the meeting as well as the director and member of the company. Mr. Siddhashah, director and shareholder of the company. Mr. Mohit Rao, director and chair of the company. Mr. Manish Modi, member of the company. Mr. Jigger but Authorized representative of Banka International Private Limited. Who happens to be a member of the company? Mr. Udaabbe, practicing government secretary. Ms. Neha. From the team of Mr. U. And Mr. Mike Chang Wei, assistant manager legal compliance of the company. The notice of the 19th AGM and then a report was sent through email to all the members whose email ID is registered with the company. Necessary stat registers and other documents are available for inspection electronically. May I please take this opportunity to invite Mr. Bankkim Nambert to deliver his chairman's speech and begin the proceedings.

[0:02:12.250000] spk_1: Thank you very much. I'm Bankkim Brumbert, chairman of the company. welcome you all to this 19th annual general meeting of the company via video conference. As we meet, we are in the midst of some unprecedented times. The entire world and India are grappling with the COVID-19 pandemic, and the huge challenges it has thrown out. Governments across are a dilemma On one hand, Around how much and how long to impose reasonable restrictions. To arrest the spread of the pandemic. And on the other side. How to quickly restore the business conditions and how to jumpstart the rules of the economy. The year 2019-2020 brought us unprecedented learnings with the mobile coronavirus outbreak, compelling the corporate community to rethink strategies to try and overcome the deep impact. The pandemic has had on various businesses. As leaders of the industry. In this unprecedented time, we are looking at constructive ways and means of dealing with the situation. Taking care of all our employees, stakeholders, and continuously focusing on the ever-changing customer needs. As a responsible and caring organization, we have looked at ways and means to help the government and help the communities around us in the basement. With a vision to be the most preferred telecom, Infotech, and FinTech brand in India and globally. Panamax Infotech Limited reported net revenue from operations of rupees. 44.61 cars in 201,920. As compared to rupees 41.32 crores in 201819. Simultaneously, our net profit stood at rupees 1.74 cros in 201,920. Against rupees 1.51 calores in 2018-2019. Within a span of 19 years of races, with a new and innovative concept in the history of telecommunication, the company has achieved its grand success by a wide range of operations in telecom technology and fintech in the domestic and international markets. I would to sincerely thank all our customers, employees, business partners, and shareholders for being with us through through this transformational journey. and who continue to respond to their faith and trust in our company. I also take this opportunity to thank the directors on board, Mr. Siddhar Shah and Mr. Rao for their country and Mr. Manish. For their continued support and guidance, I would particularly to thank all the employees of the Pan Amex Infotech Limited for their dedication, hard work, and commitment towards the company. We look forward to another successful year ahead with several new planned. Thank you.

[0:05:55.320000] spk_0: Thank you so much, Ban Kim, sir, for the chairman's speech. OK. Now, uh, members, uh, just for information, members attending the meeting through video conferencing shall be counted for the purpose of quorum under Section 103 of Communist Act 213. During today's meeting, request the quorum is present and the meeting is in order. Further the compliance with provision to Section 108 of Companies Act 2013 and relevant rules made there under SAILODR regulations 2015 and related circulars issued by MCA voting will be done through show of hands. That means whenever voting has to be done, it has to be done by all the members through show of hands. For information, no shareholders have been registered as speakers to this AGM. And with the permission of members, we are taking the notice of 19th annual general meeting as circulated to the members of the company electronically as red. The auditor's report on the financial statements of the company for the financial year ending 31st March 2020 do not contain any qualification, reservation, adverse remark, or disclaimer. Accordingly, the reports are not required to be read out as per Company in 2013. Now, may I please take this opportunity to proceed further with the business items as mentioned in the notice of AGM for the consideration of the respected members of the company. There are basically two ordinary business items. First, To receive Consider and adopt the audited financial statement of the company, including balance sheet. As at 31st March 2020, the statement of profit or loss and cash flow statements for the year ended on that day, together with the directors and auditor's report. May I please request all the members to show off their hand and Give the favor to pass the resolution. Second agenda item is to appoint a director in place of Mr. Bankkim Rambert, who retires by rotation being eligible, uh, seeking reappointment. Sid that sir has requested would to move the resolution as an order resolution. And Mr. Mohit Rao has seconded the resolution. I would all the members to please show off your hands in favor of the resolution, starting with money, money, sir. Yes, consent. Thank you. Yes, consent. Mr. Ziger but So that's it. Yes, consent. OK, and bunk games obviously. So as the requested coum has passed the resolution, we, we, we, uh, passed the resolution anonymously. And now, since no other matters left to transact, I convey my sincere thanks to the directors and members of the company for sparing the available time for attending this 19th AGM of the company. I would request Bank Kim, sir, to give a vote of thanks and conclude the meeting.

[0:10:17.479000] spk_1: Thank you everyone for joining this meeting and see you all in in next AGM meeting.

[0:10:26.400000] spk_0: Thank you, sir. Thank you so much. Thank you so much.

